VANS X PENN LOWLAND CC
Vans teams up with iconic tennis ball brand Penn to ace a collection of footwear 
and apparel rooted in heritage and innovation. Featuring retro logos and lace charms 
that double as tennis stabilizers, the Vans x Penn Lowland CC combines Penn’s classic 
athletic vibe with is a 90s skate-inspired silhouette for a familiar, but exciting, 
new look. The Vans x Penn Lowland CC also includes a 
ComfyCush outsole, flying-V Vans logos, and a balance of leather and synthetic uppers.

IN BLOOM COMFYCUSH SK8-HI
Vans has reinvigorated the classic Sk8-Hi silhouette by introducing ComfyCush technology: a new softer, cushiony outsole that gives the ComfyCush Sk8-Hi a first-class fit that feels like walking on a cloud. Featuring a co-molded construction of foam and rubber for the perfect combination of both comfort and grip, the In Bloom ComfyCush Sk8-Hi also includes rubber outsoles offering durability and traction, simplified one-piece interiors with added arch support, and moisture-wicking lining materials throughout the interior of the shoe. Along with newly constructed textile uppers that focus on tongue stabilization, the In Bloom ComfyCush Sk8-Hi gives a retro nod to the Vans sport styles of the early 90s, and provides an experience where comfort is vital.

VANS X OPENING CEREMONY CUSTOMS SLIP-ON
Founded on the principles of exploration and friendship, Opening Ceremony celebrates the unique and diverse perspectives of people and countries around the world. For decades, founders and best friends Humberto Leon and Carol Lim have made an impact on culture far beyond the fashion world, and they continue to push boundaries with the Vans x Opening Ceremony Customs. Celebrating our shared passion for creative expression, this custom footwear capsule offers an exclusive print you won’t find anywhere else—and endless ways to show off your unique style.

CUSTOMS FTB PARKS FINEST SLIP-ON
Vans “Foot The Bill” initiative aims to assist the creative communities of our extended Vans Family across the country during this difficult time. Using our Vans Customs platform, we invite you to express your creativity and be a designer to your favorite Vans shoe and t-shirt, all while supporting the independent shops that enable your creative self-expression every day. Net proceeds from these limited edition products will go directly to the businesses.

Women
TROPICALI SUPER COMFYCUSH ERA

LENTICULAR LOWLAND CC

PONY LOWLAND CC BLT

PAISLEY COMFYCUSH ERA