Suede Classic XXI Men's Sneakers
The Suede hit the scene in 1968 and has been changing the game ever since. 
It’s been worn by the icons of every generation and it’s stayed classic through it all. 
This year, we relaunch the 
Suede with fresh colorways and subtle design updates. Classic as ever, for all-time.


Deviate NITRO Men's Running Shoes
Beat your time then beat it again in Deviate NITRO. This high-performance running shoe is 
packed with tech for the fastest runs. At the bottom, you get durable, PUMAGRIP traction 
and a carbon fiber INNOPLATE. This innovative plate acts as a lever for maximum energy 
transfer at toe-off. For the long runs that outlast the daylight, you get 360 reflectivity 
and lightweight NITRO foam, giving you max cushioning with improved efficiency. 
Deviate NITRO is a breathable, form-fitting shoe for an effortless run.

RS-X Arcade Men's Sneakers
RS-X reimagines PUMA's retro running silhouette from the '80s with fresh color combos, 
amplified detailing and a bold and unapologetic design. 
Inspired by old school video games and an arcade aesthetic, this edition of RS-X is 
ready for some retro play.

RS-Fast Futurverse Men's Sneakers
Enter the Futurverse. This techy, functional RS-Fast blends early 2000s influence with 
a futuristic aesthetic inspired by ultra modern Asian cities, featuring a reflective,
 iridescent color palette drawn from neon city lights.

Women

RS-Curve Sunset Women's Sneakers
Golden hour, at all hours. RS-Curve Sunset boasts a chunky, disruptive design with 
wavy tooling and a multicolor, futuristic color palette.

Cruise Rider Women's Sneakers
Introducing the Cruise Rider. This playful kick is a step above the rest with fun
 colorblocking, a dynamic material mix, and a stacked outsole.

Deviate NITRO Women's Running Shoes
Beat your time then beat it again in Deviate NITRO. This high-performance running 
shoe is packed with tech for the fastest runs. At the bottom, you get durable, 
PUMAGRIP traction and a carbon fiber INNOPLATE. This innovative plate acts as a 
lever for maximum energy transfer at toe-off. For the long runs that outlast the daylight, 
you get 360 reflectivity and lightweight NITRO foam, giving you max cushioning with improved efficiency. 
Deviate NITRO is a breathable, form-fitting shoe for an effortless run.

Future Rider Twofold Women's Sneakers
Future Rider is back. This retro running shoe is reborn with fresh materials and playful colors. 
This pair stands out in bold neons with stitched detailing.