adidas ultraboost 21

Prototype after prototype. Innovation after innovation. 
Testing after testing. Meet us in the hot pursuit of 
the pinnacle harmonization of weight, cushioning, and responsiveness. Ultraboost 21. 
Say hello to incredible energy return.

KAPTIR SHOES
Explore the environment in modern style. These shoes have a premium knit upper with 
sleek details riding on a speedy-looking sculpted midsole. 
With the comfort of pillow-soft cushioning and a sock-like fit, 
these running-inspired shoes will help you keep up the pace on city streets.

NMD_R1 SHOES
There's a lot to do in one day. Think about it. This second. 
What's on your agenda? Exactly. So if you're going to do all that, you might as well be comfortable,
 which just happens to be what these adidas NMD_R1 Shoes are designed for. 
Riding on some of the best of adidas technologies, they support your every move.

ULTRABOOST 5.0 DNA SHOES
At the core of every great idea is a spark of inspiration. That spark? The feeling of effortless running. 
The idea? Make it happen every time you hit the pavement. From there, 
adidas Ultraboost running shoes were born. Their responsive Boost cushioning returns 
energy endlessly over the miles, and a sock-like adidas Primeknit upper provides 
breathability and support where you need it. Lace in and let this great idea inspire one of your own. 
Get out and run.

This product is made with Primeblue, a high-performance recycled material made in part 
with Parley Ocean Plastic. 50% of the upper is textile, 
75% of the textile is Primeblue yarn. No virgin polyester.

Women
SUPERSTAR BOLD SHOES
Three sure-fire ways to make a statement: add some florals, add a platform and, specifically, 
add them to the adidas Superstar shoes. Now you've got the triple-threat of fashion impact. 
But there's more. We went ahead and called in HER Studio London to take it a step further
 with their eye for patterns. Walk out the door and make an impression with the colorful patterned heel. 
Show off all the signature details that stay true to the original shell-toe shoe too.

TERREX TWO ULTRA PARLEY AP SHOES
Light enough to keep you fast. Rugged enough to handle the trail. Lace up these adidas 
running shoes for long trail runs. The sock-like knit upper features reflective details 
and abrasion-resistant weldings. The lugged outsole delivers confident grip across dirt descents and scree. Lightstrike provides superlight cushioning for dynamic movement.

This product is made with Primeblue, a high-performance recycled material made in part 
with Parley Ocean Plastic. 50% of the upper is textile, 75% of the textile is Primeblue yarn. 
No virgin polyester.

ZX 2K BOOST MARVEL SHOES
The ZX Series has always been about technical innovation. Just like Stark Industries 
from Marvel's Iron Man series. These adidas shoes combine real-life retro running tech 
with details inspired by Tony Stark's fictional company. The outsole glows in the dark, 
and the tongue is designed in the shape of Iron Man's mask.

4D FUSIO SHOES
The future is here. Lace into these bold running-inspired shoes and embrace it. 
Their digitally printed adidas 4D midsole is precision crafted with light, oxygen 
and liquid resin for controlled energy return. An adidas Primeknit upper and a 
crisscross lacing system add foot-hugging comfort. Bright colors stand out along the way.




